>> Earth was designed
to be a living library.
It was supposed to be a planet
where they were taking genetics
from all kinds of
different star systems
and combining them
into one planet
to see what would happen.
What people don't
realize is actually
the human race were a composite
of 22 different star races.
It could be more than that.
>> Interesting.
>> And sometimes I think
a lesson that we all need
to learn is that--
especially here on
Earth that not everybody
is coming in with
the same perspective
or the same agendas.
>> Exactly.
>> George Washington
actually received visions,
and he actually was visited
by Pleiadian beings.
A lot of people
don't realize that.
The whole concept of our
Declaration of Independence
and our Bill of
Rights actually was
downloaded from the Pleiadians.
The cautionary tale
that we've learned
from all these
other star systems
is that you always have
to have the spirituality
integrated into it in order to
have a higher level society.
>> Debbie Solaris has
ignited the imagination
of our community with her
stories of the back history
of our planet from a
Galactic point of view.
In this view, we're all
hybrids of one kind or another,
and those influences
affect us to this day.
Welcome back, Debbie.
>> Thank you for having me back.
It's great to be here.
>> You're very popular.
People love hearing
about-- everyone
loves hearing about themselves,
and their neighbors,
and the people they love,
and the people they hate.
>> Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
>> And so I think that this
story particularly gets us
because I think we're all
trying at a point in time,
where we're beginning to
wake up again to understand
we're connected with our cosmos.
And of course, then all
the stories out of military
and otherwise regarding
exposure and contact
with aliens and
ETs of all kinds.
And I think we're
just starting to say,
am I in this story somewhere?
And you say, yes.
>> Yes, absolutely.
I think the thing that
we're all exploring nowadays
is our connection with
the greater cosmos
and how that plays a part,
even with us personally.
>> I think so.
I mean, historically,
when you're just
trying to survive, just plow
the land, and you're tired
and you have dinner and
fall in bed at night,
you don't really
contemplate these things.
And we're at a
point in time where
there's enough luxury of
extra time and humanity
that we actually can
contemplate these things.
>> Yes, and I think even
since COVID has-- yeah.
>> Even more so.
You've noticed that?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> In your practice?
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> Cause people call you to
get personal readings to help
figure out who they are.
What they're connected with.
>> I would say my input of
reading bookings have increased
exponentially since COVID.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Well, people are
more introverted.
They're looking more into who
they are, what life's about,
and what they want to
do and not do anymore.
>> Exactly.
>> So let's start--
I know we're going to
cover a little bit of what
we did before, but what
happened last time is
we only got halfway through what
I wanted to talk to you about.
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> So now we're
doing the other half,
but we have to still fill
a little back story in.
>> Here, we're beginning
with the human race on Lyra.
So let's set the stage
for the human race.
>> Well, the reason
why Lyra and Vega--
so Vega being a star within
the Lyra constellation--
was so important
was because that
was the home of
human consciousness.
That's where
everything began as far
as our physicality in our galaxy
and actually in our universe
as well.
So when the co-creators decided
to create a physical reality,
they created it in
the Lyra system,
and they used the god-template,
which is the Father God
consciousness and Mother Goddess
consciousness template in order
to create this split between the
two different types of energies
within this particular
system in order
to create this new
experiment into the descent
into physicality.
So my understanding with Lyra
is that most of the Lyran system
was Father God
consciousness oriented
with Vega being the outlier
with the Mother Goddess
consciousness.
And so you had two
different human races
that were created
in the Lyran system.
So Lyra had mostly
the kind of what they
call the Nordic white Lyrans.
Vega had more the blue
skinned darker beings that
were more of the Mother Goddess
consciousness representation,
but yes, Lyra
played a huge part,
and it was where
our story began.
>> And when you read some
accounts, for example,
of the beings that were in
Atlantis, we go back to the--
because here you're
talking about the Lyrans,
the original beings.
People here being 12
feet tall, 400 to 500
pounds, very large in stature.
I've even gone
back in regressions
and seen this myself.
But also the color
of skin on Atlantis.
There were supposedly
said to be people
that had white skin,
red skin, blue skin--
>> All kinds of color.
>> Powder white
skin, black skin.
So we were a very mixed race
from the very beginning.
>> Absolutely.
>> And this had to do
with this hybridization
and the influence.
So talk about that a
little bit in principle
about Atlantis and Lemuria and
these hybrid programs and how
they--
I think that's what
originated most of the races.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> The differentiation in the
races is genetic hybridization
from aliens.
>> Oh, absolutely.
This is something
I talk about a lot,
even when I do Akashic readings.
A lot of people think that, oh,
humans came from Adam and Eve.
Well, Adam and Eve
was just an allegory.
it was just an allegorical
story explaining
the beginning of
creation in our galaxy,
but it's not really--
there's not really
I don't think a being
that's called Adam and Eve.
I don't think there-- they
were just representations
of Lyra and Vega.
At least that's
the way I see it.
So even some of the biblical
stories that explain creation
explain it in a way
that's more allegorical.
>> Well, it has to be.
You just get down to
some of the basics
like, where did Adam and Eve's
sons find their wives anyway?
They're the only people.
I mean, that story
falls apart really fast.
>> Yeah, it does.
>> So you have to
take it as allegory.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, you can't take
it literal for sure.
But actually what
was really happening
was Earth was designed
to be a living library.
It was supposed to be a planet
where they were taking genetics
from all kinds of
different star systems
and combining them
into one planet
to see what would happen.
So what would happen if we put
in all these different genetics
from this star system
or that star system
or whatever star system?
But what people don't
realize is actually
the human race were a
composite of 22 different star
races at least.
At least.
I would say-- usually
I hear the number 22,
but it could be more than that.
But these are beings that
were visiting Earth long
before Atlantis and Lemuria.
Atlantis and Lemuria were
just another experiment.
It was just-- so
you had beings that
were coming from Andromeda,
beings that were coming
from Sirius, beings that
were coming from Arcturus
or the Pleiades.
And all of them, they--
because of their
physicality was different,
they used their genetics
to combine and create
this new composite human race.
And so you had all kinds
of different skin tones
because where these
beings would come from,
they came from very
different physical realities
and physical environments.
>> They would adapt certain
colors of skin to those
environments.
>> Right, exactly.
>> So maybe you had read
beings that came from Antares,
or you had blue beings
that came from Andromeda,
or light blue skin
that came from Sirius.
So all of those are going to
play a part in what humans
ended up looking like.
I know with Andromeda--
I'm going to use Andromeda
as an example here.
There were some
beings from Andromeda
that looked very Asian, and
Andromeda had many colonies
in Southeast Asia.
So because Andromedans
tend to look more similar,
that's why you see
Asian people that
look very similar, as
opposed to say Europeans
that have more diversity.
So that could also play a part.
>> Yeah, I think so.
And I find that very rich and
interesting in our history
because that means it has a
lot of subtext psychologically,
in terms of the
influences and the way
cultures organize
themselves on this planet.
And we're all very different in
different parts of the world.
And so I mean some
people I don't
know why feel threatened
by that notion,
but I find it
absolutely fascinating,
and it makes us all
the more interesting
a species personally.
Can I ask you a quick
personal question?
>> Yeah, sure.
>> I mean, not personal but
something you just touched
on because people don't
really talk about it--
Antares.
We haven't talked
about it either.
Can we just take a moment?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> It's for a reason because
I've read some documents,
and the author uses
the name Antares,
and they're-- it's the most
sublime things I've ever read.
So tell us about
Ontaris for a moment.
>> Actually Antares is a
very important star system
in our galaxy.
It's actually located in the
constellation of Scorpio,
and it's one out of
two major stargates
that's in our galaxy, the
other one being Arcturus.
So a lot of times you hear of
the Antares-Arcturus midway
station because these two
stargates play off each other.
But what Antares was
as opposed to Arcturus,
Antares was the point where the
beings from Andromeda galaxy,
the co-creator
beings that started
this whole experiment
in our galaxy,
came in through that stargate.
So they're actually a portal
between Andromeda galaxy
and the Milky Way.
So you had these very
higher dimensional beings
that came through the stargate.
Now, Antares also has
their own star race.
They've since ascended, and
they're very high dimensional,
so I don't even think they're
in physicality anymore.
But those beings look
like mantis beings, so--
>> Interesting.
--they're more
insectoid, and they
were considered to be the
gatekeepers of the stargate
that I was mentioning.
And so these beings-- because
Antares is a red star system,
they had a reddish tone to them.
And these beings
were also visiting
Earth in the beginning
of Earth's history,
so we have even some genetics
here on Earth from Antares.
>> Interesting.
Now, we need to go back.
Because the Lyran story
leads to the Draconian story.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> So let's go into that, into
the Pleiades because we've got
to get to--
God, we have a lot to get
to, a lot of other places.
And we're also
talking a little bit
about the reptilian species,
which is always a fascination.
Let's start with the
Draconian part of the story.
>> OK, so Lyra was a beautiful
paradise star system.
They had beautiful
paradise planets.
They existed for
thousands of years.
They went through
their own evolution.
So a lot of people think
that, oh, Lyra was created,
and boom, they got
destroyed by Draco,
but it actually took thousands
and thousands of years
before they got to that point.
The Draconian started
getting interested in Lyra
because they were looking for
resources because they didn't
have much resources in
their particular star
system of Draco.
Draco was quite barren.
And they actually came--
they're a race of beings
that came from a
different universe,
and that's another thing
people don't realize.
Is that they have existed
for billions of years,
even before they came
to the Milky Way.
So they had really
advanced technologies.
I mean, they were even
beyond the other beings
here in this galaxy.
So they saw Lyra,
and they said, wow,
they got-- they're
really rich in resources.
We're going to just
take over their system.
And they didn't have
any regard because they
were self-serving type of
beings for the most part,
and I wouldn't say every
single reptilian is bad.
I think we're going to talk
about that a little bit later.
But for example, there is
different castes systems
within the reptilians.
So the dragons were not as bad.
They were more
neutral, but then you
had the warrior caste
beings that were constantly
in a rivalry with
the dragon beings,
so they wanted to be top tier.
And so they felt
like, hey, if we
start conquering all
these different systems
in this galaxy, we're going
to become the top tier beings.
We're going to be the top dog.
So they decided to
start off with Lyra
because Lyra was located
right next door to Draco.
It was very close, and they saw
all these wonderful resources
and thought, well, we can
sure use those resources,
and so that's what started
the Lyra Draconian wars.
>> And this is what we've
talked about before.
We've touched on, and that
is just because a species
is technologically
advanced does not mean
they're spiritually developed.
These are two different things.
Two different frequency
bands, agendas, et cetera.
And oftentimes,
we confuse those,
and people,
especially humans, can
be quite dazzled by the
technological part of things
and be swayed away from the
spiritual aspect of ourselves.
>> Well, that's what
happened to the Lyrans.
They saw all this technology
that the Draconians had,
and they were bamboozled
by all the technology.
Like thinking, wow, we could
use some of that technology.
Maybe if we become friends with
these beings, which was a--
>> They don't make friends.
>> Yeah, they
don't make friends.
No, they don't.
No, they don't make friends,
but they were naive.
They thought hey-- because they
were not as developed as these
being, so they wanted to--
they thought, hey, if we have
some sort of treaty with them,
we'll be able to share
resources with each other,
but that wasn't what the
Draconians wanted to do at all.
They just wanted to take over.
>> It's interesting because it
just popped into my head that
famous line in the Bible,
"and the meek shall inherit
the Earth."
And that people have looked at
that so many different ways,
but when you look
at it galactically
and you look at the Lyrans, for
example, and the Draconians,
you start seeing it in
a different light, which
is a gentleness of spirit
or perhaps maybe a higher
spiritual development,
which by nature tends
to be more passive.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> And so that's
kind of interesting--
as to what ends up happening.
>> Yeah, but unfortunately
the Draconians were from
a different consciousness
because they weren't even from
our universe.
So they had a whole
different perspective
on things than, say, the
Lyrans or the other star races.
So that would have a play.
And sometimes I think
a lesson that we all
need to learn that--
especially here on
Earth that not everybody
is coming in with
the same perspective
or the same agendas.
We're not all the same, and--
>> We're all learning
different ranges of lessons.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
OK, so that's the backdrop, and
then we have the Pleiadians.
I put down here trying to--
they ultimately tried
to separate themselves
from the Lyran ancestors.
So let's get into the Pleiadians
story because a lot of people
relate to Pleiadians.
>> Oh, yeah.
People love Pleiadians.
>> Pleiadians, yeah.
>> We all love Pleiadians.
>> Yeah.
And why were they trying to
separate from the Lyran trauma?
>> Yeah, that's a great story.
And I think Lyssa
Royal Holt alluded
to this in her book,
"The Prism of Lyra,"
which is one of
my favorite books.
But I think what happened
in the Pleiades was
the Pleiades was located 500
light years away from Lyra,
so the Lyrans that were
escaping the system
headed towards the
Pleiades because they
were trying to get as far
away from Draco as possible,
and this was a very
far off star system.
Even when you look at the night
sky and you see the Pleiades,
I mean, they look far away.
I mean, they're--
I mean, you could
see like a little--
you can see it with the naked
eye, but it's not that bright.
But they were heading to
the Pleiades, so by the time
they got there, they've gone
through a lot of trauma.
I mean, it was not an easy trip.
I mean, it took years
to get to the Pleiades.
So I think they were so
traumatized that they
wanted just to start over.
They wanted to
reinvent themselves.
They just wanted to
have a new identity.
And so they called
themselves Pleiadians.
They created a whole
new civilization.
They didn't want to be attached
to their Lyran ancestor trauma
anymore.
And so they started looking
very much into love and light.
It was all about the positive.
And this is I think the
cautionary tale of how
sometimes even looking
at love and light,
which leads to
spiritual bypassing--
when you're only looking at the
light and not the dark aspects
of life, that can also
be just as damaging
as only looking at the dark.
And so the Pleiadians
had gotten so
pollyannaish with
their approach to life
that it really hurt them.
And they too fell into I think
some inner psyche work, where
they had to look at the
dark aspects of themselves
in order to survive
as a civilization.
Because otherwise how can you
live in a physical reality
if you're only looking at
light aspects and not at dark?
Because we live in a
duality type of situation,
usually in this
particular universe.
We're free will-- is it's
a free will universe.
>> Well, the Earth is living in
a dimension between the light
and dark, and depending on
where you are personally,
you can resonate with
either side at any given--
on any given day even.
>> Exactly.
And the same thing--
I mean, a lot of
people don't realize
that the Pleiadians went
through their own evolution.
So they went through
a similar evolution
that we did here
on Earth, so they
had to go through
all the same lessons.
So that's why now,
they're showing up
here on Earth as our
teachers and guides
because they've gone
through all this already.
But these beings were--
I think just--
I think they were
just so traumatized
from the wars their
ancestors have gone through,
a lot of trauma.
And then we even see
now with Pleiadians,
where in Pleiadian
starseeds that they
carry some of the trauma
signatures in their own DNA.
So if they're in situations
even here on Earth--
let's say you're a
Pleiadians starseed,
you're going to have some
physical issues that might pop
up if you're not taking
good care of yourself,
if you're not on the
right track with--
maybe if you're undergoing a lot
of stress or a lot of trauma,
those same old Lyran
trauma signatures
are going to show up.
>> So have you found when
you're working with people,
depending on the
hybrid type they are,
that there are particular types
of ailments that certain hybrid
types carry?
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> Oh, really?
So what would a Pleiadian
pattern of unwell or ill health
be?
>> Oh, that would-- that's--
we can go into a lot of
deep stuff with that.
But what I see a
lot with Pleiadian
influenced humans is that a
lot of them when they undergo
a lot of stress or they go
through trauma in their life,
they tend to have
blood sugar issues.
So I see a lot of
Pleiadian starseeds
and a lot of Pleiadian people
that struggle with hypoglycemia
or prediabetes or diabetes.
Because Pleiadians are
very empathic people.
They pick up on other
people's energies.
And so when they're not
feeling really good--
>> Reach for sugar.
>> Right, to sweeten
everything back up.
And we have chemical cascades
in our bodies that go with it,
but you're saying that's
part of their nature
is to try to balance it
with something sweet.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> Going back to
what they remember.
>> They remember.
Because Pleiades was such a
high-dimensional star system
that everything
was perfect there.
It was-- at least that's
what they evolved to.
On a mental level, you see a lot
of Pleiadians that fall into--
or Pleiadian starseeds that fall
into co-dependent relationships
because they always
see the best in people.
They always love--
>> Hard to miss.
>> Yeah, they're
always like, oh,
I see the potential
in that person.
Like just-- want to-- if
they just love them enough,
they're going to
become great people.
And so they fall into these
really unhealthy relationships,
until they get well
integrated themselves,
and then they figure it out.
>> Yeah.
Well, continuing on that,
we go to George Washington.
It said that he communicated
with Pleiadians.
They gave him some
visions for the future.
But we're going to go
into John Adams as well
and the American
flag, so take it away.
>> OK.
Yeah, I love this story.
I love that our country,
the United States,
was so influenced
by extraterrestrials
that there was a reason why
the United States was created.
Was to create this
Democratic free country
on our planet to be a
model for other countries.
So I just love this story,
but George Washington actually
received visions,
and he actually
was visited by Pleiadian beings.
A lot of people
don't realize that.
But the whole concept of our
Declaration of Independence
and our Bill of
Rights actually was
downloaded from the Pleiadians.
Because these were systems
that they were using
in their own civilization.
>> Well-structured societies
that had been refined
to the point where those
principles actually worked
because the consciousness
of the people was there.
>> Exactly, yeah.
>> So that's what I find so
exciting about this story.
Is that our United
States was actually
influenced by these beautiful
beings from the Pleiades
and maybe from
even other systems.
But the cute story
I want to tell
about John Adams and
the American flag
has to do with the way the
American flag was designed.
A lot of people think
that the 13 stars
represented the 13 colonies
in the original American flag.
Actually, that couldn't
be further from the truth.
My understanding is that
John Adams put 13 stars
because it represented
the 13 stars
within the Lyran
system, which was
the home of human consciousness.
>> And we have to remember
a lot of these fellows were
Freemasons of their day.
>> Exactly, yeah.
>> Yeah, so these-- so John
Adams and the other founding
fathers of our country,
they knew star systems.
>> They understood
occult science.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> So they knew that certain
star systems carried certain
energies, and they wanted to
represent these energies within
the founding of our country.
So the 13 stars
actually represents
the constellation of Lyra, and
I think that's how it started.
And then as we added, of course,
more states, the flag expanded.
But even the colors, I think,
represent certain star systems.
>> Interesting.
I find that fascinating.
I'm wondering-- and maybe
somebody in the audience can
write us and tell--
how they may have
been influenced
by the work of Francis Bacon
because of his deep occult
knowledge and understanding
and his writing of the book
"America, the New Atlantis."
So I'm guessing that
there must have been--
he must have also had some
of that knowledge woven
into his education,
esoteric education.
OK, let's go on to Sirius;
the Sirian colonization
and the Sirian beings
because here we're
talking about technology coming
back into the picture again
but also they were highly
influential in the Egyptian--
that chapter of our human
history, so let's go for it.
>> So Sirius, because it's
located so close to Earth--
so Sirius, at least Sirius A,
is only about eight light years
from Earth, so that's
relatively close.
I think the only star
system that's closer
is probably Alpha Centauri,
which is 3.7 light years away,
but Sirius is pretty close.
And so the Sirian
beings, which comprised
of many different
types of beings--
so it wasn't just humanoids
that were on Sirius.
They had cat beings.
They had fish people.
They had reptilians.
I mean, they had
elemental beings.
I mean, they had bird beings.
I mean, there was quite a
bit of diversity in Sirius.
Cause Sirius I think after
the Lyran Draconian wars,
all of these beings
were escaping the wars,
and even reptilians
so they all converged in Sirius.
So Sirius had a
lot of diversity.
And so you get all these
different types of beings that
come together in one
star system or even
just three different star
systems because there
is Sirius A, B, and C. And
that's going to create I
think a lot of evolution
within their society.
So they became very
technologically advanced.
And Sirius, my
understanding with what
I see in the Akashic Records
is they were very focused
in technology
because they didn't
want to go through
another Lyran situation.
They knew that in order for them
to survive as physical beings,
they had to have that
higher level technology.
So their big focus
was on technology
for I would say generations,
until they started
becoming more esoteric
and spiritual,
and then they developed
a Sirian mystery schools,
and that's a whole other story.
But the Sirians were visiting
Earth during this time
because they had starships,
and they were curious.
And they were beings that
knowledge meant a lot to them,
collecting information.
And so they were visiting
Earth quite a bit,
and they colonized Earth.
So Earth is heavily influenced
from Sirius from the beginning
but especially in certain
civilizations like Atlantis
and Lemuria and even
Egypt, especially Egypt.
>> And what-- was there a
dominance of one of the races
there that was coming to Earth?
I mean, was it mostly
reptilians or was it--
>> I would say it was
a combination of all.
>> A combination of all of them.
Again, back to the
story of Atlantis
of all these different colors
of skin and types of people.
>> Yeah, I think it was like--
I mean, there was
reptilians showing up.
There was humanoids.
There was-- the normal
people were visiting Africa--
>> Aquatic people, yeah.
So the Nommo people
are the aquatic beings
that are amphibian.
They look like mermaids
or a lot of people
refer to them as mermaids, but
they're not really mermaids.
They're like half
fish half human.
And so they were
visiting Africa,
and they had a big influence
on the Dogon people.
>> Yes, with who--
that's kind of well known
that their orientation
is towards Sirius.
>> Sirius, yeah.
Yeah, so we see a lot of--
I would say a lot of
our societal structures
came from Sirius.
A lot of our knowledge
about medicine.
A lot of our knowledge about
healing all came from Sirius.
Language I think came
from the Pleiades.
So a lot of our
language, which was
based on Tamal, which
is a Pleiadian language
came from the Pleiades.
But pretty much all the
other societal structures
that we have on this planet
today came from Sirius.
They had a big
influence on Egypt.
There was many
Sirian beings that
were specifically interested
in Egypt because Egypt
was the converging point
after the fall of Atlantis
and Lemuria.
So Egypt was considered
to be the next great hope.
They wanted to bring both the
masculine and feminine energies
in.
And Sirus being a more
feminine star system
brought in that more
feminine energy,
whereas Orion was more
the masculine energy.
>> Yes, and you see that
throughout the depictions
of the gods--
heavily female and male.
>> Exactly.
>> Side by side, starting with
the origin story with Osiris
and Isis.
>> Absolutely.
>> So that did happen.
You started getting that merging
the masculine and feminine,
which oddly of course was
wiped out not long after that
and reverted to
patriarchy again.
>> Exactly.
>> --under whichever influences.
>> Yeah, so one of the species
you were talking about,
the Pleiadians being here
as guides for humanity now
and the Sirians have inculcated
much of their culture
into our cultures.
But also we hear a lot
about the Arcturians,
and these beings also--
many people talk about
having Arcturian guides.
So let's talk about that, and
let's talk about their stargate
and what happened in the
interface with the Draconians.
>> Oh, absolutely.
It's a story that a lot of
people don't know about.
It was one that--
I mean, I don't think
I've read it anywhere.
I actually saw it in
the Akashic Records.
So myself being an
Arcturian starseed myself,
so I identify with Arcturus.
I think I've been in
many other systems,
but that's the system--
>> That might be the one
you're most recently.
>> Yeah.
>> A lot of people--
that's one thing
I do want to say.
When you're reading people, and
when other people are saying,
oh, they sure look
like a Pleiadian to me.
Many people-- many of us have
been through many star systems.
This is just the
latest iteration,
and we picked up things of
each of them along the way.
>> Absolutely, yeah.
>> And that's something that I
think people don't realize is
that-- they come to me for
readings, and they think, oh,
I'm going to tell them, oh,
you're definitely Pleiadians,
or you're definitely Lyran.
And then I'm like,
oh, you've been
to this star, this star system.
They're like, really?
I've been in all of those?
I said, oh, yeah.
That's not even-- that's
scratching the surface.
So let's talk about
the Arcturians.
>> The Arturians, yeah.
Let's get into the Arcturians.
So the Arcturians,
remember when I
was talking before about
Antares and Arcturus
being the two major stargates?
So Arcturus is the other
stargate, other major stargate.
And Arcturus represents
the masculine energy
of the integration
from the etheric realm
into the physical.
So it was a stargate
that processed souls
in between death and life.
So when a soul passes on,
they have to go somewhere
to get processed before--
to get ready for their
next incarnation.
And so Arcturus was a
different consciousness
that was developed during the
development of this galaxy
in order to be the
guardians of this galaxy.
So they had to
have that, I guess,
outward perspective because
they were the ones that were I
guess refereeing the
whole experiment.
And so Arcturians
because they had
this different consciousness
evolved very rapidly.
And so they had advanced
technologies from very early
on.
They were very advanced
spiritually as well
in order to help guide all
these other star systems.
But what a lot of
people don't realize
is that Arcturus too because it
was located so close to Draco
also was attacked by Draco.
>> Those darn Draconians.
>> Draconians, I know.
They're just-- they're just
a bunch of troublemakers
and bullies, but they wanted
to take over the stargate
because they wanted to
have control of the souls.
Yeah, so they wanted
to have the control--
they wanted to be able to
dictate, maybe use the souls
as slaves, I don't know.
>> So the Arcturians had to
do battle with them as well?
>> Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
>> I mean, OK, so looking
at these Arcturians,
we have to look at the
dimensionality of people too.
This is all playing out in
multidimensions in addition
to the rest of the mess.
And so the
Arcturians-- now, this
is just what I've
heard people say
and I've read a couple of books
about people who've written
about their Arcturian guides.
And they always seem to
say they're very tall
and they're blue.
Have you experienced a similar
thing in seeing them or?
>> I think Arcturians can
come in different heights.
I think sometimes-- they're one
of the few star races that can
actually I think transcend
dimensions within--
I mean, they can go from ninth
dimension to fifth dimension,
so it depends on what
dimensionality you're
seeing them in.
So there are some
Arcturians that
look small because they're
pulling their vibration down.
But then as they get
higher dimensional,
they get much taller.
And they did tend to have
bluish greenish skin.
So and they usually
have the three fingers,
and they have the large eyes
with the pupil in the irises.
But so they don't look anything
like light grey aliens.
>> I didn't want to pull you
off on that one, but I want--
the multidimensional part is
interesting because another
fallacy in our thinking.
Humans think very
hierarchically.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> And so we think if something
is of a higher dimensional
field, meaning less
density for the most part,
that it's higher
in consciousness.
That is not necessarily true.
>> No, not at all.
>> And so we have to
stop thinking, oh,
they're sixth dimensional.
sixth dimensional and what?
And what level of consciousness?
A completely different thing.
So here you're talking
about the Arcturians
that are working in between
these higher dimensions,
but so are the Draconian and
so are the reptilians working
at these higher
dimensions of density,
but though not
necessarily on a par
in terms of spiritual
development again.
>> Oh, not at all.
So you have Draconian that
also are in sixth density,
but they're oriented
towards the dark.
And the dark is not always evil.
The dark is just the dark.
So they have, like I said,
a different perspective
on things.
But the Arcturians
when they were
going through the
whole stargate attacks,
it really affected
their psyche, where
I think they struggled
with negative thinking.
They struggled with this
feudalistic attitude of maybe
we're not going to survive this.
Maybe we're going to lose
everything because they
saw what happened to Lyra.
And so fortunately for
the Arcturians they had,
I would say, advanced
enough technology
that they were easily able
to withstand the Draconian
attacks.
But it still affected
them, so you see this a lot
with Arcturians
starseeds, where we
could fall into
negative thinking
or we could fall into maybe
this feudalistic attitude of,
oh, I'm just going to give
up because things are not
working to my favor.
>> So fatalism.
Fatalism would be a hallmark.
But the ones who are able to
keep the energy and the spirit
up are serving humanity today.
>> Oh, yeah.
You get a lot of beautiful
Arcturian starseeds
and Arcturian beings that are
acting as guides for people
that are really having an
influence on planet Earth,
positive influence because--
>> Any kind of particular
trajectory or with the kind
of thing they work
with in particular,
or is it more individual?
>> I would say our variants
tend to lead towards--
they tend to be spiritual
guides, teachers, and healers.
And they tend to be
more psychospiritual
oriented in healing as opposed
to physical healing, which
was the Sirian hallmark.
So the Sirians were really
into physical healing.
So you get a lot of folks that
are maybe Sirian starseeds that
decide to go into
medicine because that's
what they're used to.
But with the Arcturian beings
and Arcturian starseeds,
we're more oriented
towards a psychospiritual
because we tend to be
natural psychologists.
I don't know.
>> Yeah, OK, good.
So we can start looking for
these things in each other.
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> It's fun.
>> Yeah, it's fun.
It's not just a party
trick, but it's fun.
>> It is fun, yeah.
>> OK, so let's go to Orion
because so many millions
of years and wars and so many of
our ancient and even megalithic
sites are ordered toward Orion,
situated to recognize Orion.
So let's talk about Orion.
Let's talk about-- let's
get in a little bit more
to the reptilian story.
We don't know.
We've gone through
so much stuff,
and we've still barely
scratched the surface.
>> I know.
>> But we only have a little
time left, so let's go for it.
>> Yeah, let's go for Orion.
I personally love
Orion because I
remember when I was watching
the whole "Star Wars" movies
and the saga of "Star Wars."
The first thing that came
to my mind was, oh, my God.
This looks like Orion.
This reminds me of Orion.
So I always jokingly
referred to Orion
being a lot like
the Cantina scene
from the original "Star Wars."
So it's like my
own personal joke,
but it was a lot like that.
Orion was probably the
most diverse star system
in our galaxy as far as the
different types of beings
because it was such
a huge constellation.
It's huge.
I mean, it's a
big constellation.
Has a lot of stars.
But so you had beings that were
inhabiting these different star
systems within the Orion
system that came from Draco,
or came from Zeta Reticuli,
or came from Procyon, or Lyra,
and Vega.
I would say probably
more of a Vega influence
on Orion as far as humanoids,
but there was insectoid beings
that also lived in Orion.
So you had this melting pot
of all these different races,
and so there was constant wars
and turf battles over Orion.
So you had the Draconians
and the tall Greys,
and the short Greys,
the small Greys
that influenced most
of the outlier stars
in the Orion constellation.
And then you had the belt stars.
So you had the belt
stars that was mostly
maybe humanoid-oriented.
So you had most-- so they were
more the freedom fighters.
They were more like what
I call the good zone.
Then you had the empire zone.
So these two factions
were constantly in battle
with each other.
And of course because
Orion was definitely
a duality consciousness
type of star system,
this occurred for millions
and millions of years.
Orion didn't get
shifted into the light
until fairly recently.
I would say fairly
recently in our history.
And it's hard to quantify
when that happened
because in the higher
dimensional realms
there is no linear
time so sometimes it's
hard to quantify.
>> Time is tricky.
>> Yeah, kind of quantify that.
But the influence
they had on Earth
was that the Orion beings
were also visiting Earth.
They were also looking for
colonization opportunities,
and Earth was quite habitable.
It was a jewel in
our star system.
It's very unlike most
planets out there.
So they were also looking
for opportunities on Earth,
and these beings also
had their influences
on the Atlantean civilization.
They had a big influence
in Egypt and even
in some of the Middle
Eastern cultures--
the Mesopotamia
and the Sumerians.
So you see a lot of Orian
influence in those cultures.
>> But it seems from what
I've heard you say before that
the reptilians were one of
the groups that came here from
Orion and really
did their number--
wreaked havoc with
humanity, and they also
colonized all over the Earth.
So their influence
is everywhere,
but the one thing
that's fascinating
about the reptilians
is that they're
said to be master geneticists.
And then if you hear the stories
out on the internet today,
you're going to still
hear that probably
as the most referred to species
in terms of what's going on
in our world from
top down control,
hidden influence and so forth.
Fingers always end up
pointing at the reptilians.
>> Oh, absolutely.
>> I think as far as
my understanding with
Earth's history is that the
reptilians came here early.
I mean, they--
I mean because they were
always looking for resources.
OK, so you know Earth is another
one of those planets that
has a lot of resources.
So they were looking to
colonize Earth very early on.
Maybe around the same time
as the Sirians if not before.
But they were also wanting
to tinker with genetics.
And so a lot of the
dinosaurs-- you see dinosaurs,
they were an offshoot
of reptilian genetics.
So they were trying
to see what would
happen if we take our
genetics and create
these big massive beings and
that populated the planet.
And then they got wiped out.
And so then they started
tinkering with human genetics.
So what happens if we
insert our own genetics
into these human beings
and see what happens?
And so you hear a lot of
stories about the Annunaki
and how they tinkered
with our genetics,
and our genetics
went from 12 strand
to two strands, which
is currently still
this two strand.
But so these beings
were also I think
trying to escape Orion
at a certain point
because Orion was shifting
to unity consciousness.
And they wanted to keep
their control and power
over at least some
sort of star system.
>> To go to a more
naive planet and tinker.
>> Yeah, tinker around
with that, right.
So they came to
Earth and started
having an influence on
the Atlantean culture.
So they infiltrated
some of the--
because Atlantis was very
spiritual in the beginning,
but then they became more and
more corrupted as time went by.
>> Yeah, people don't understand
the length of the history
of Atlantis.
This is-- you're talking at
least a half a million years.
>> Oh, yeah.
It was a long time.
>> So it was not this--
the period of time
that they refer to
with from Plato's
renderings, which was just
before the final deluge
and fall that was just
the tail, tail end of what
was a magnificent Atlantean
culture that was--
apparently it was sinking and
breaking off from the North
down to the South, and
that was the remnant of it.
So what you're talking about
was in the earlier days.
>> In the earlier days.
>> So we have very
little time left.
>> So let's look at how these--
we've talked a little bit about
each of these beings as guides
and how they're
affecting us and working
with us as personal guides but
then how the reptilians might
still be working
with us as well.
And I look at that and think of
things like master geneticists.
One of the things that's
coming to the fore because
of everything that
happened with COVID
and vaccinations versus
drugs and so forth
is the notion of manipulation of
the DNA through pharmaceuticals
even.
So might this manipulation
still be going
on today in a more subtle form?
>> My understanding
with some of the--
I would say some of the
medical agendas, the not so
I guess benevolent
medical agenda
is that they're trying to
retrofit the planet to fit
a more reptilian type of--
>> Mentality.
>> Mentality or physicality.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, so they're trying-- they
may be even trying to wipe out
other star systems like Lyran
genetics or Pleiadian genetics
or even some of the
humanoid Sirian genetics.
So my-- I mean,
this is something
I hope to talk
about at some point,
but I will do some
research around.
But I'm curious
to know, well, how
are some of these
pharmaceuticals are adversely
affecting people from other
star systems that have genetics
from other star systems.
>> Interesting.
Because we're all
different in that we
each have our own signature,
just like our own thumbprint.
We have to-- maybe just end
with a final comment here.
We have help of all kinds.
We have our higher selves.
We have our guides from
all kinds of star systems
that are here really trying
to help humanity remember who
we are on a spiritual level
and not to be so dazzled
by the technology.
Any final comments on what
our true choice is now?
Even though we're still
part of this cosmos,
we're still being visited, and
we're still being influenced.
>> Yeah, no, it's a great segue
into some closing thoughts,
but I think we're always going
to be dealing with technology.
I mean, the technology
is equally as important
because we need to have
that technology in order
to become part of the
greater galactic family.
>> Right, just to even travel.
>> Travel, exactly, yeah.
So I think that's always
going to be in the forefront.
But I think the
cautionary tale that we've
learned from all these other
star systems is that you always
have to have the spirituality
integrated into it in order
to have a higher-level
society, in order to be
able to keep that balance.
Because if you have
too much technology,
we learn the lesson
of the Atlanteans.
That their civilization
fell because they
were advancing more
technologically and not so much
spiritually anymore.
And then you have
star systems like Lyra
that had beautiful
spirituality, but they
didn't have the technology,
and they fell as well.
So I think they need
to go hand in hand.
And I think the
Pleiadians did it right.
I think they are one of
the few star systems that--
and Arcturians and
Sirians as well--
where they did
have that balance,
where they were very
interested in developing
spiritually and connecting
with the higher realms.
So I think that's the
journey that we're
going to be seeing more
and more in the future.
>> I love that.
Thank you for wrapping
it up so nicely.
And that we're
sitting right there.
We can choose right now.
We as a species
get to choose what
the direction is going to be
if we stand up and are heard.
>> Yeah, no.
I think I'm seeing more just
influences of I think even
within my clients and people
that come to me for readings
or for consultations that--
I think a lot of us are
getting more and more
interested in spirituality and
how we're connected with that,
so I have a lot of
hope for the future.
>> I do too.
>> Yeah, I think
it's going to be a--
I think we're going
to see a golden age.
>> Yeah.
We're going through that
bumpy patch right now.
We've been through
a lot of them.
Thank you so much, Debbie,
and I want to say--
>> Thank you for having me.
>> And also I love the artwork
and the glossary you have
on your website so
people can go through.
Just very quickly, just
like all these little
how to do this in five steps,
questionnaires and all that--
is there any way without
having a reading--
because you're way booked out--
that people can get a
glimpse into who they are?
Are there any tools for that?
>> Oh, absolutely.
They can go to my website, which
has that beautiful Galactic
History section.
>> Yes, it's gorgeous.
>> And they can also go
on my YouTube channel.
There's a lot of samples of
different people's readings.
But a lot of times people love
to listen to those because they
get insights into themselves,
even though it might not be
personally their reading but--
>> Excellent.
>> Yeah, so they get little
tidbits of information through
that as well.
>> Perfect.
Very good.
Thank you so much, Debbie.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> Until next time, and we'll
finish the rest of this one.
>> Yeah, we'll
does that keep it--
we'll just keep going
on with the story, yeah.
>> To learn more about
Debbie and her work,
you can go to DebbieSolaris.com.
You might also want to watch
my previous interview with her
here in Gaia in the
archives to find out
more about her background
and how all this came about.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."